Include screenshot option for Xamarin (#4181)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dotnet/guides/xamarin/index.mdx

By calling it, the SDK will not automatically Cache your events and they might be lost if a hard crash happens or no connectivity is available during the transport of the event.

#### AttachScreenshots

Automatically attaches a screenshot of the app at the time of the event capture. By default, it is set to false.

<Alert level="warning" title="Note">

> Be aware personally identifiable information (PII) might be included by activating this feature.

Reviewer: Do you mean in the screenshot? 

```suggestion
Note that personally identifiable information (PII) might be included in the screenshot when you activate this feature.
```
